{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li4334\fi-28\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Chapter 2 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \li4320\fi-14\ri-7070\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Wren had settled in the back of the room in her favorite corner.  It was back near the hall that went to the restroom.  There was a single tiny one-seater table there next to a small dirty window with some hanging plants.   She liked this spot because the table was out of the way enough that no one ever bothered her. She could get her soy latte up at the counter (she was vegan, but still loved a good latte) and park back here for hours on end.  The wifi was strongest back here, and she was out of sight of the staff.  The view out the window wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t very exciting.  It looked into the alley that separated the coffee shop from the back of the record store.  The window had a great view of the dumpsters in the alley.   }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The alley was a little bit of a mess.  It had been liberally sprinkled with a mix of good and bad graffiti covering a few faded murals from the 70\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s.  The ground was slick with a mix of the constant winter mist, oil, and leaked dumpster juice.  There were a few coffee cans that were used for butts by the employees of the record store, and some of the other businesses.   It was exactly the sort of alley often used as the backdrop for every edgy band photo you saw these days in The Stranger. Photos trying to embody a kind of romanticized version of the bygone Grunge vibe.  There was definitely an authentic provenance to the alley.  In fact, many Grunge bands probably took their first band photo in this exact alley many years ago. Now, the alley was  beautiful in the same way that photographs of nature reclaiming abandoned nuclear disaster sites were beautiful.  A certain beauty in the decay. Beauty in the organic reclamation of a former glory.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Wren realized she was staring out the window musing about the alley.  She laughed at herself.  She felt strong mixed emotions about the current state of the music scene.  Hell, one of her first bands had taken band photos in this same alley a couple of blocks up.  Of course that was at least 20 years ago.  She had played a number gigs in the record store (even as recent as last year).  She was still playing, supplementing her income with freelance music writing.  She contributed pieces to The Stranger when they would take them.  She had been playing around for so long, she knew a lot of folks and had a lot of connections.  Having been part of the scene for so long really helped when trying to cobble together her various piecemeal income streams.  She had been able to scratch out a meager living in a city that was increasingly expensive to exist in by casting the net wide.  She had started out in the early grunge scene with her band Suzie the Pig, playing alongside other bands that ended up finding fame and fortune.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Fame and fortune seemed to have eluded her through a series of poor timing, poor choices, and just a little bad luck.  Still, she had been here at the beginning and was still here.  She knew a lot of folks and that helped.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 It also helped that she met Big Keith a few years back.  Big Keith was her boyfriend.  They lived together in a little craftsman house in a trendy neighborhood not far from the record store. This neighborhood which used to be working class, had become ridiculously gentrified over the years.  The tech industry had invaded their home. It had invaded the entire city and was spreading through out the Pacific Northwest like a fire in a paper factory.  Like a disease at an anti-vaxer convention.   Led by fantastically rich white men who happened to have started their world domination in their working-class parents\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 garage in these same neighborhoods.  These dudes had gone on to permanently ensure that working class people could no longer afford to live here. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Big Kieth worked for one of these men.  Big Kieth worked for \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91the man\u8217\'92.   In a giant glass tower in the newly remade South Lake Union neighborhood.  In the place of the former industrial, dirty neighborhood, now stood a shiny glittering 50 carat diamond on the hand of one of the richest cities with the largest income disparities in the country.  And Big Kieth worked there. For the man. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Honestly, it was just as well, but it was still kind of a shock.  Big Kieth actually kind of liked his new job.  He had worked a endless string of random jobs forever, just like her.  He had finally found something that he kind of enjoyed where he could utilize his unusual ability to remember, catalog, and organize random facts and figures.  It also happened to pay a shit ton of money. Good for him. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  It was good for her too.   Big Kieth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s job was how they could afford to stay here in the neighborhood, when so many working class people (not to mention artists and musicians) had been forced to relocate further and further outside of the city. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 They had met at one of her shows about 8 years ago.  She was playing bass with a funk/noise band up at the Sea Monster in Wallingford.  She recognized Big Kieth from a few past shows but had never really spoken with him.  On one of the breaks, he came up and started talking to her about music.  Big Kieth actually knew a lot about music.  He was a virtual historian of bands, genres, micro-genres, and local scenes from all over the country.  They had a lot in common in this area.   They went out on a date the next night, and have kind of been together ever since.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Wren realized she was daydreaming again and laughed.  She was supposed to be writing a piece about a new band that had been making a small splash playing up at the Parliament Tavern recently.  It was a great big horn band.  There were like 10 dudes up on that tiny stage when she had gone to check them out.  They were doing something kind of interesting and original.  She liked it.  She couldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t help thinking how expensive it must be to have a band with that many people in it.  They must be basically playing for beer money once the take had been divvy-ed up ten ways. Still, the sound was heavy and distinctive, kind of borrowing a lot from east African music.  She liked it and wanted to give them props for having such a unique sound in a time when unique sounds were few and far between.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She took a little sip of the latte as she opened up her laptop.  The laptop was kind of getting older.  It would take a few minutes to get up and running.  She was thinking about what to listen to when she was working.  She liked to listen to music as she worked, even if she was writing about a completely different kind of music. She based her choice of listening material more on her current mood than the kind of music that she would be writing about.   Todays mood: Mike Watt and the Minutemen.  She was getting a little over caffeinated, and the afternoon was grey and drizzly.  Mike Watt seemed like a good choice.  Big Kieth had texted to say he was working late tonight, so she was going to dig in for a couple of hours.  She was pulling her headphones out of her backpack as she looked around.  She was the only one back here in the corner. Perfect. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, she heard a noise outside.  She looked out the window and saw a teen-aged boy run into the alley.  He was tall, and wearing a dark blue hoodie with yellow letters that said \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91NAVY\u8217\'92 on the front.  He had a backpack on and was of East African heritage. She knew him.  He was actually lived about 4 houses down from her and Big Kieth on the other side of the street.  His name was Zero (a pretty cool nickname she\u8217\'92d always thought).   Zero had watered their garden last summer when Wren and Big Kieth had gone out of town for a two week road trip to Memphis.   }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Right behind him was a shorter dude with a basketball jersey on, yelling and chasing.  The second guy looked like he on something.  He was yelling at the kid.  Even through the closed window, Wren could sense his anger, but his yelling was slurred and confused.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The boy was much faster and was obviously going to outrun him. Just as the boy turned around to look at his pursuer, he slipped on the wet alleyway, and immediately disappeared. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Wait\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85 WHAT?! }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She was looking right at him and he just disappeared!!! }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The pursuer, didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t even notice.  Just kept on running and was immediately out of sight from the vantage point of the window.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Wren couldn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t believe her eyes.  She looked again through the window.  This must be an optical illusion, but it couldn't be.  She was looking RIGHT AT HIM when he disappeared.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0}