{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li4349\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Chapter 4}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \li4277\fi29\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wren jumped up and put her face up against the glass of the window.  Zero was nowhere to be seen.  There was no way he could have slipped away unobserved, was there? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She grabbed up her stuff and ran out the side door of the coffee shop facing the side street, and ran around the corner into the alley.  There was the dumpsters. Just past them, was a brick wall covered with graffiti.   She looked up and down the alley for Zero but he was no where to be seen.  Had she just witnessed some kind of crime? Should she call the police? Had she imagined the whole thing? She realized she was starting to panic.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stopped and took a deep breath.  What should she do?  She had to do something!  She had to calm down and do something. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She called Big Kieth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello.  You have reached Kieth Sanderson.  I am not able to answer the phone as I am too busy screening my calls. Sorry to say you didn\u8217\'92t make the cut.  Leave a message and I might consider listening to it but I make no promises\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Jesus Christ.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, it\u8217\'92s me.  The craziest thing just happened.  Call me right back.\u8221\'94 She hung up.  Big Kieth had told her that he was working late today to take a meeting from home.  He must still be in the meeting. Should she call right back to get his attention? She looked on the ground right where Zero had fallen.   There wasn\u8217\'92t anything there on the wet street.  Not a mark or any indication that he had been there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just then a car turned into the alley, stopped and tapped its horn for her to get out of the way.  She dropped her phone.  He reached down to grab it, shoved it in her pocket, and walked back out of the alley feeling dumb for being so easily startled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settle down\u8221\'94 , she told her self.  She started walking towards home. \u8220\'93I must have imagined it.  Maybe I blinked as he ran away and just didn\u8217\'92t see him leave.\u8221\'94 She has the unnerving feeling that she had witnessed some sort of crime.  She was full of adrenaline and needed to calm down.  Instead, she started running.  She didn\u8217\'92t really need to get anywhere, she just needed to run off some steam as she thought through this. She ran down the hill towards home.  What would Big Kieth do? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Kieth would stay calm.  He never lost his cool. He would look around and make sure he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t overlooked anything.  He would probably go knock on Zero\u8217\'92s door and see if he made it home OK.  It was certainly possible that Zero had somehow gotten away without her seeing, and was home right now playing video games.  Shit,he and Big Kieth were probably online together right now.  Big Kieth wasn\u8217\'92t much different than a kid.  Just bigger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Knocking on the door at Zero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house was probably the best thing to do.  Make sure he was there.  He was probably there.  She stopped running.  She was getting close to home.  She was already at the sports bar. }}