{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li4349\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Chapter 5}
\par\pard\plain \li4277\fi29\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Kieth actually had been screening his calls.  He had seen Wren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s number come up and didn\u8217\'92t answer.  It was her birthday, and he was planning a surprise for her when she got home.  He was actually wrapping presents.  He didn\u8217\'92t like to lie to Wren (and wasn\u8217\'92t good at it anyway).  He didn\u8217\'92t answer the phone because he didn\u8217\'92t want to have to make up some story about what he was doing.  He figured he would see her soon enough. If it was important, she would leave a message.  He had told her that he was working late tonight to try to get her out of the house so he could decorate.  He had hung up a paper banner that said \u8220\'93Happy Birthday, Matey!\u8221\'94.  There was a picture of a pirate with a gold tooth and a big beard.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Kieth thought it was would be kind of funny to have a pirate themed birthday for Wren.  She typically rolled her eyes at stuff like that which kind of made it all the more amusing.  He had got her a stuffed parrot toy that had Velcro on the feet, so it could be attached to clothing.  It had the most annoyingly awesome ability to randomly squawk out pithy sayings that you could prerecord, or just repeat things it heard at random times.   He had recorded a a few good ones. He also decided to dress up for the occasion.  He was already wearing a big foofy white shirt with ruffles on the front.  He had picked up some black pants that only went down to just below is knees at a thrift store.  They were tight, but in an unflattering kind of way.  His beer belly hung out over the top.  He had a red and white striped scarf he was going to tie around his head.  He already looked kind of like a pirate in real life.  He had a big red beard that was a little unkempt, a large silver horseshoe barbell earring, and a full sleeve tattoo that included mermaids and sea-monsters.  In fact, this was his inspiration for the themed event.  Wren always made fun of him a little for his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bohemian\u8217\'92 look (as she called it), and he figured it would be amusing to just go \u8216\'91all-in\u8217\'92 with it for her birthday. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He had the parrot on his shoulder now (just to amuse himself) as he was wrapping the actual gift he had gotten her.  It was a cool pendant made from a tiny seashell on a fine silver chain.  Their friend CJ was a jewelry maker, and Big Kieth had hired her to make it specifically for Wren.  It was a pretty little thing, and he hoped that Wren would like it.  He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the best at wrapping, and it wasn\u8217\'92t going well.  He was planning on texting her to meet him for sushi up in the junction, where he would appear in the full-on pirate get-up and embarrass the hell out of her.  They both loved to get sushi, and he figured she would forgive him and it would be a fun evening.   He finished taping up the package and put the card and gift in his pocket.  He reached over and picked up the phone, to listen to her message as he let Muscle-man (their handsome pug) out into the back yard.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, it\u8217\'92s me.  The craziest thing just happened!  Call me right back!\u8221\'94 Wren\u8217\'92s voice came through the phone. She sounded panicked and weird.  Wren was not a drama queen by any stretch of the imagination.  In fact, she was an extremely calm, rational, and practical person.  It was not like her to sound panicked at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Kieth immediately called her back.  It went straight to voice mail. He tried again.  It went to voice mail again.  He looked her location up with the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91find my friends\u8217\'92 app on his phone.  They both had this app that came with the most recent version of the iPhone. It was actually pretty nice as they could see where the other person was if needed.  It was useful when they were meeting downtown for a happy hour after work. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the app finally loaded up, he could see that she was up by the record store.  He tried to call her again.   Again, it just went to voice mail.  He figured he would just walk up there.  It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t far, and the sushi was that way anyway. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MUSCLE-MAN\u8230\'85 Let\u8217\'92s roll!\u8221\'94, he yelled.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MUSCLE-MAN\u8230\'85 Let\u8217\'92s roll!\u8221\'94, the parrot yelled. He already liked the parrot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No Response from Muscle-man though.   He grabbed the leash from the hook by the front door.  The sound of it jingling immediately brought the handsome boy in from outside.  That sound was the surest way to get his attention.  Big Kieth locked up the front door behind them, and he and Muscle-man took off to the record store at a brisk pace.   Big Keith was a little concerned.  Wren didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t usually sound panicked.  Wren usually answered her phone when he called.  He was just a little bit alarmed. He walked faster.  Up and around the corner where the pizza place is.  Up past the dog bar (Muscle-man turned to go in, assuming that was where they were heading).  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On the other side of the dog bar, was a small park.  There were some benches, and an arbor with vines (maybe grape vines or something? Big Kieth wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a big plant guy, so this was only a guess).  It was a nice place to take Muscle-man to go play around in.  Oftentimes, after spending some time at the dog bar, they would make a pit stop here before heading home.   On the other side of the park was a chain link fence surrounding a flat slab of concrete with a couple of freestanding walls.  It had used to be a sketchy convenience store a couple of years ago.  The store closed, and they knocked down most of the building and put a fence around it.  He had heard the city was planning on cleaning up the site and turning it into more park.  In the meantime, it kind of sat there\u8230\'85 a study in urban decay.  The walls had been quickly covered in graffiti in just about no time.  The fence had collected some trash around the bottom of it, where the wind had deposited it..  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Kieth walked past the fence and looked in there. It was kind of an eyesore.  He looked again, and saw Zero inside the fence, with an expression on his face like he had just seen a ghost. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}