{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li4349\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Chapter 3}
\par\pard\plain \li4320\fi-14\ri-7070\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zero was confused.  Had he passed out?  He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recall passing out.  But as soon as he opened his eyes, everything was different.  He looked at his watch. It said it was 5:40.  That was about what time he thought it should be.  He was trying to get home by six.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \li4277\fi29\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is it dark out?\u8221\'94 he asked out loud.  His voice sounded small and quiet.  It was really foggy and damp and the sound had no reflections.  Like when it snows and you yell, it seems muffled and quiet.  It was the same now.  He was still in the alley next to the graffitti mural.  The silver and black paint spelling out \u8216\'91Roze\u8217\'92.  In fact, he still had the matching sticker in his hand.  He was standing now and put the sticker in his pocket and pulled out his phone.  His phone screen was just blank.  It must have turned itself off by accident when he fell.  He looked around.  There was no one around and it was super quiet.  Kind of creepy.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was like when the power goes out and everything goes silent. There is an ever present wall of background sound made by refrigerators humming, air conditioners buzzing, distant lawn mowers whirring, and wires in the walls vibrating.  It is always there, humming away\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 until its not.  Then, the absence of that wall of sound is very noticeable. That was just how it was now, and Zero was a little freaked out by it.  He walked out of the alley on to Alaska Street.  All the stores were dark inside. They had just been open a minute ago.   Zero walked up to the window of the record store.  He could see the big display promoting some band he\u8217\'92d never heard of before.   There was a mannequin in the window inexplicably dressed up from head to toe in fake fur, wearing a red plaid hunting hat with ear flaps and cat-eye sunglasses. Usually, the window was all lit up, even when the place was closed. It was totally dark in there.  In fact, looking up the street, ALL the store windows were dark.  The street lights were lit and carved out yellow-orange cones of light in the fog.  The traffic light at California and Alaska was lit.  Nothing else. There was no cars on the road, there were no people anywhere to bee seen. It was like a ghost town.  Or an episode of the Twilight Zone or Black Mirror.  He was starting to get a little freaked out.  He pulled out his phone again and pressed the power button to get it to turn on.  Nothing happened.  He must have broken it when he fell. Shit!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided to skate home.  He still had his board. It was all downhill. He dropped the board and jumped on in one fluid motion and was moving across Alaska, and down the sidewalk of California.  Past the Mexican place, the bakery, the frame shop.  All closed.  He got to the next intersection where the 7-11 was.  The sign was dark and no one around.  He was starting to get seriously freaked out.  Where was everyone?!  What happened?  Was there some kind of event or something?  His parents were always talking about being prepared for an earthquake.  It was like some kind of natural disaster had happened, but not one that made any sense.  Everything was still standing, there was just no one around. He stopped and got off his board. For just a second, he thought he heard something. He stood perfectly still.  He just heard silence.  He stood there for a whole minute.  There!!  He heard it again.  It was like the sound of a bird.  He looked around. Up in a tree, like a hundred feet in front of him, he saw it.  It was a small yellowish-orange bird.  He had never seen one that that before, but then again, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really pay much attention to birds.  He started walking towards it. It chirped again.  He was glad to see the bird for some reason.  It was like he wasn\u8217\'92t the only living soul around.  Suddenly, he had someone else with him.  It was comforting.  He walked over to the tree and said quietly, \u8220\'93Hey little bird\u8230\'85\u8221\'94  The bird looked at him, chirped again and flew right over to Zero.  He flew right in front of his face, turned around flew back to the tree and chirped again.  Then jumped up, flew to the next tree about 20 feet further on and chirped again.  There were trees at twenty foot intervals all along this whole stretch of California.  Years ago, someone must have planted them.  Zero got on his board and skated over to where the bird was.  The bird chirped and flew over to Zero, and then flew just a little farther and landed on a no parking sign.  It was like the bird was trying to lead him somewhere or show him something.  Well, at this point, Zero was more than happy to follow.  Just to have some other living thing in the world to be with!  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey little bird, are you trying to tell me something? Where is everyone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The little yellow bird chirped and took off from the no parking sign, flew over to Zero and then flew further down the street.  Zero and the bird were starting to make good time heading down the street.  They passed the Rite Aid parking lot, and the Nursery. The street lights making yellow-orange pools of light in the fog that Zero and the bird would pass through.  The bird started to chirp louder and was becoming more animated.  At one point, the bird flew over and landed right on Zero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s should and chirped right in his ear! The bird immediately flew off, and flew over to a chain link fence.  There were actually getting close to Zero\u8217\'92s house.  This was a fence that had been put up around an abandoned lot with a couple of free standing walls covered in graffiti.  Zero rolled up to the fence and hopped off his board. The bird looked right at him, chirped, and flew over to one of the walls inside the fence.  The bird landed on the wall, and started chirping like crazy.  He flew over to Zero, and flew right back to the wall.  It was the weirdest thing.  It was so surreal.  Obviously the bird was trying to tell him something. He couldn\u8217\'92t get in there, as the whole thing was surrounded by chain link fence.  He stood there and looked at the bird.  The bird was chirping and flew back to Zero, and back to the wall again.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 there was no one around to stop him\u8230\'85  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zero climbed over the fence, throwing his board over first. Once inside the fence, he walked over to the bird.  The bird flew right over to Zero and landed on his shoulder again. Zero looked around.  He was standing on a concrete pad next to one of the remaining walls of the old convenience store that had been knocked down a while back.  What was the bird going on about? He looked around\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and then he saw it. There was another mural on the wall.  This one was a big cartoon-style piece of a yellow-orange bird holding a silver flower in it\u8217\'92s mouth\u8230\'85 kind of like a dove holding an olive branch, but this was a rose. A silver and black rose.  Identical to the one on the sticker he had in his pocket.  The piece was partially obscured from the sidewalk by the angle of the wall.  The piece was beautiful and intricately done.   There was some weeds obscuring the bottom part of the mural.  He leaned over with the yellow bird still on his shoulder and moved the weeds out of the way.  He could clearly see the tag, \u8220\'93Roze\u8221\'94. }}