{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li4349\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Chapter 6}
\par\pard\plain \li4277\fi29\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi! Zero! You OK, man?! What are you doing in there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Big Kieth! Wow! Shit!!  Am I glad to see you!!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow! Shit!!\u8221\'94 said the parrot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just then, Muscle-man started barking and pulling at the leash.  Big Kieth looked up and saw Wren running towards them on the sidewalk.  Muscle-man was yipping happily and wagging his stump of a tail.  Kieth felt a surge of relief to see her.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wren ran up and turned and saw Zero and let out a sound like she had been kicked in the stomach.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zero!! What are you doing here?!  Are you OK?  I saw you get chased into the alley behind the record store and it looked like you just disappeared!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zero was kneeling on the ground. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look so good. His skateboard was next to him on the ground.  He had his backpack over his shoulder.  His eyes looked around wide and wild.  He had an expression on his face that was difficult to read. Kind of a cross between surprise, relief, fear.  He looked back and forth between Big Kieth, Muscle-man, and Wren. Suddenly he remembered the bird.  He looked all around.  The bird was gone.  He looked back at Big Kieth.  Big Keith was dressed like a pirate.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zero, are you OK?\u8221\'94 Wren asked. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zero sat there for a second, stood up and walked over to the fence.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m OK.  I think.  Something really weird is going on.\u8221\'94 Zero replied. He grabbed his board, threw it over the fence, and climbed over.  \u8220\'93I feel like I was just in the twilight zone of something.  Am I going crazy?  I was up at the record store just a little bit ago, and slipped on the pavement back in the alley.  When I opened my eyes, it was all dark and cloudy. I walked down the hill, following this yellow bird, and ended up here, but now its light out\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Zero\u8217\'92s voice trailed off. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dude, we need to take you to the doctor!\u8221\'94 Big Kieth said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dude\u8221\'94  the plastic toy parrot said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zero and Wren both looked at Big Kieth and the parrot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ummm\u8230\'85 why are you dressed like that?\u8221\'94 Wren asked. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Back home, Big Kieth and Wren were sitting at the dining room table.  Zero had insisted that he was fine and just wanted to go home.  Wren kept trying to get him to go to the doctor, but Zero wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having it.    After a little arguing, they just walked him home.  They continued on the few doors down and across the street to their house and just ordered pizza and opened a couple of beers instead of going out.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was the craziest thing,\u8221\'94 Wren said. \u8220\'93I was in the back of the coffee shop.  I was just setting up to start working.  I heard a sound and looked out to window.  I looking right at him!  He was there one second and gone the next.  I totally freaked out.  It was like a magic trick or something.  He was just gone.  No puff of smoke, or clap of thunder.  Just instantly gone. Like he winked out of existence.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There must be some kind of explanation. People just don\u8217\'92t disappear!\u8221\'94 Big Kieth responded.  \u8220\'93Still\u8230\'85 he looked totally freaked out too!\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The guy chasing him didn\u8217\'92t even slow down. Of course, I think that guy was on something.  I mean, shit.  People disappearing in broad daylight\u8230\'85 maybe}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  I }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 am on something!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Wren laughed nervously. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, listening to him describe it from his point of view, it really DID sound like an episode of Twilight Zone.  I mean if someone hits their head, is it possible for them to experience something like that?  Could it have been some medical episode or something, and you just blinked or something when he left the alley?  I mean, that sounds more likely than Zero finding the Upside Down or some freaky shit like that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Big Kieth said as he lit a joint.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is kind of a lot of coincidences!\u8221\'94 Wren responded.  \u8220\'93Still\u8230\'85 I suppose Zero and I mass hallucinating it is less weird than Zero bouncing around alternate dimensions like Buckaroo Bonzai or something.\u8221\'94 Wren said. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And did you understand that bit about the bird?\u8221\'94 Kieth asked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope.  It is one of those kind of weird details, that makes me believe him almost.  Where else would he come up with that?  Are there even yellow birds in this part of the country? Shit, I don\u8217\'92t know.  I don\u8217\'92t pay attention to birds.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe the bird was his spirit guide, or the ghost of his dead grandmother giving him sage advice from beyond the grave\u8230\'85\u8217\'92}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 do your homework and stay away from drugs young man!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 Big Kieth said in his best old-lady voice.  He started coughing from straining his vocal chords doing the old-lady voice while exhaling a giant cloud of smoke. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kieth\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Wren said reproachingly. \u8220\'93Stop making fun of it!  He was seriously scared I think!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah\u8230\'85 Zero\u8217\'92s cool.  Shit, I saw him stand tall and take on a crazy shit-ton of Alpha-Reptiloids (the big ones, mind you) with like 10 bullets left in his gun last Friday night when we were out on a raid.  He kicked their asses!  Zero\u8217\'92s got balls\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}