{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li4277\fi29\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chapter 7}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So imagine that your mom is sitting in a chair holding a radar gun, like the police use to catch speeding drivers, or sportscasters measure a pitcher\u8217\'92s fastball with.  She looks down at the readout on the gun as you run by, and the gun says 5 miles per hour.\u8221\'94 Mr. Flanagan said to the class. \u8220\'93How fast are you going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mr Flanagan looked around the classroom.  Someone in the back mumblesd \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy\u8230\'855 miles an hour\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Mr. Flanagan responded.  Zero looked at his watch.  This was going to be a long class if this is the sort of question Mr. Flanagan wanted to talk about today.  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From her perspective (or her radar gun\u8217\'92s perspective), you are traveling 5 miles an hour.  Her perspective is called her Frame of Reference.\u8221\'94 Mr Flanagan continued.  \u8220\'93Now, imagine the corridor is actually the corridor of a train traveling east, and your mother is sitting in a seat on the train.  Your mom\u8217\'92s radar gun still shows 5 miles an hour on the readout as you run towards the front of the train.  Right?  However, your brother is not on the train.  He is standing beside the tracks }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  with his own radar gun }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 as the train you are on is zooming by him at 50 miles an hour.  When your brother points his radar gun at you, his radar gun say you are traveling 55 miles an hour }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  (50 miles an hour because of the train, plus the 5 miles an hour that you are running inside the train)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Your brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frame of reference  is different from your mother\u8217\'92s frame of reference.  Which one is right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The class murmured a couple of different answers. Mr Flanagan looked around. No one was sounding very confident.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jenny\u8230\'85 what do you think?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Umm\u8230\'85 the brother\u8217\'92s?\u8221\'94, Jenny answered.  She wasn\u8217\'92t real happy about getting randomly called on. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you say that Jenny?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because he\u8217\'92s not moving and the mom is\u8221\'94, she said. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah\u8230\'85 good answer Jenny, but I am sorry. I tricked you.  Actually your brother IS moving.  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The earth that he is standing on is not standing still, but spinning.  It is spinning at almost 1000 miles an hour at the equator.  Now imagine that your sister (an astronaut), is in a space station high above the earth orbiting the planet.  Imagine that she also had a radar gun measuring your speed as you run on the train.  Her radar gun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frame of reference would show you going 1055 miles an hour.  But the earth travels around the sun at 67,000 miles an hour, and the solar system is rotating around the Milky Way at about 514,000 miles an hour. The Milky way is traveling around the galaxy at some very fast rate of speed too, though I don\u8217\'92t know the exact number.  So how fast are you going? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember when I asked my original question, which frame of reference is correct?  The answer is that they all are.  How fast you are going just depends of the frame of reference.  You are only going fast }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 relative}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to someone or something else. This is the basis for Einstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s theory of special relativity.  Just then, the bell rang.  Everyone immediately started to pack up their books and start talking.  \u8220\'93Tomorrow, we will talk about what happens when things accelerate.  Thanks everyone!\u8221\'94 Mr Flanagan yelled.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zero finished packing up his books, and walked out of the classroom into the hallway.  He waited outside until Jenny came out. Jenny made a face at him.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like Mr Flanagan, but I hate when he calls on me in class.  Pick on someone else, you know?\u8221\'94 Jenny said.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 hey, want to walk home from school today?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, I can\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 I have soccer today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OK, maybe tomorrow then.  See ya later\u8221\'94, he said as he leaned over and kissed her, then walked up the steps to the second floor to grab his skateboard out of his locker before heading home.  He had been hoping to talk to her about what happened yesterday.  He hadn\u8217\'92t told his parents or anything, and had been to freaked out to talk to Big Kieth about it when it had happened. He really just wanted to tell somebody.  Would Jenny even believe him?  It was so far out there, he wasn\u8217\'92t sure he even believed it himself.  He also wanted to talk to her because he wanted to talk to her brother Jason.  Jason was a grafitti writer.  Not a very good one, he thought, but he had been giving a lot of thought to what happened and had decided he wanted to see if he could find out anything about Roze.  He doubted Jason knew him, or would even tell Zero if he did.  Still, ther ehad to be a connection to the grafitti.  Zero had the sticker in his pocket. }}