{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Ideas}
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Levels: Each character has different levels they operate on.  The story in general could also operate on different levels.  For example, a monk who can view the world through the lens of all things being interconnected a d realize there is no need to alter the world (why bother?), Or doing things to allow for complete enlightenment for all beings,  being able to alter the reality of the world to suit an immediate need, and viewing a problem from a zoomed in view. }
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A character that has the ability to go in and out of paintings. }
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 QR code stickers surreptitiously placed around town that allows characters to jump in and out of a frame of reference (\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91Frame\u8221\'94)}
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Exploring the implications of relativity.  Different frames being relative to certain other frames.  Kind of like how time might behave differently in certain frames.   Using that as a way to time travel.  (Ie Go into one frame that has accelerated time, pop out and time in the first frame is 20 years in the future.  Also, seeing as time might travel backwards in others frames, someone might also be able to use that to travel backwards in time.)}
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Infinite parallel universes that characters can travel in between.  Maybe some basic rules about how this works that would define this \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91frame\u8217\'92}
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Space ships visiting us in this frame can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t actually travel faster than the speed of light (in this frame at least), instead they are able to slip into another frame where for every 1 meter they travel, they travel 1 Km in this frame.  }
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Since infinity exists, it stands to reason that anything that can be imagined, exists in some other frame.  Advanced frame jumping is trying to be able to get to the point where the ability to imagine something, recognise that a frame exists somewhere that embodies this imagined universe, and then be able to jump there is what some believe to be the ultimate source of universal enlightenment. }
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Certain characters that go back in time and intentionally modify past event in an attempt to alter their current frame.  However, when they do it, their timeline changes from their perspective, but the rest of us in the original frame perceive them as winking out of existence. }
\par\pard\plain \tx1435\tx4306\li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes tech that was designed to work in the context of a certain frame does not work at all in a different one.  For example, a machine that was designed for use in a frame that has a fifth of the gravity that our does, would not work once exposed to different gravity, a different set of laws of physics, or direction of the flow of time. In fact, some things that work in one frame might be unsafe in another frame.  A sandwich that is made of antimatter (from an antimatter frame) might explode (or even better, maybe just cancel out) if drawn into a frame made up of matter. }
\par\pard\plain \li4277\fi14\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A character (maybe Linus?) is a novice meditator and tries to use it to discipline his overly active mind.  This is independent of any empathetic thoughts.   However, maybe he starts to make a connection at some point in the story}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}\f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Since everything is relative to perception and mind (mind is the as yet undiscovered ultimate measuring stick in a relative frame?) maybe the stickers work by enabling a certain mental state in certain people either trained or predisposed to achieve that mental state.  Perhaps some limited technological mode is nothing more than a placebo, enabling a person to fully believe that what they experiencing, and thus properly attain that mental state.}
\par\pard\plain \li4291\fi-29\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24 A character (maybe Linus?) is a novice meditator and tries to use it to discipline his overly active mind.  This is independent of any empathetic thoughts.   However, maybe he starts to make a connection at some point in the story}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Since everything is relative to perception and mind (mind is the as yet undiscovered ultimate measuring stick in a relative frame?) maybe the stickers work by enabling a certain mental state in certain people either trained or predisposed to achieve that mental state.  Perhaps some limited technological mode is nothing more than a placebo, enabling a person to fully believe that what they experiencing, and thus properly attain that mental state.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u65532\'3F}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 The power of perception might be a central}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Theme.  How someone\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s perception of a situation can be radically different from someone else\u8217\'92s perception of that same situation and rest radically different realities }{\f2\fs24 .  This could be easily illustrated by showing t he same scene from different perspectives.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Would it be cool to let a character see the world through another\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Some characters being altruistic, vs others being selfish and self centered}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Maybe a character who owns a struggling recording studio.   Boyfriend to the art historian? }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Possible character names: Jay, Romy, Rachel, Jenny, }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Zero has an insecurity about being alone.  He is a little freaked out being alone in the alternate frame by himself as there never seems to be anyone else there.  Talk a little about how he sleeps with his dog every night    This might explain why he wants to always have someone there with him and invites art historian to go with him.   }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Graffiti is done by an artist named Roze.  (Anagram of zero) leading zero to wonder why there are a lot of coincidences between him and rose... some kind of connection.   Is Roze zero\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Donald Shimoda? }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Maybe the heist doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t make sense.  Maybe it is some other kind of plot but one of progressive discovery. What is the motivation to keep stepping into the alternate frame?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Is that a good name for the story? \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Frames\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs24 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Chapter 2 initial draft}
\par\plain \f1\fs36\b1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li4320\fi-14\ri-7070\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Woman is sitting in a coffee shop.  Using their WIFI to look for a job.  Just just lost her job as a curator the museum.  She had been approached by two guys who proposed a heist to her.  One of the security people from the museum saw her with the guys and knew they were art theives.  She was presumed guilty and let go because of it.  Where will she find a new job?  SHe has been blacklisted in the art world.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 While she is sitting there. She hears a commotion out in the alley.  She is sitting in the back at a lone table that is blocked off from the rest of the coffee shop and backs onto the alley. She is sitting there because she is trying to use the wifi without needing to keep buying stuff.  She looks up from her computer to see Zero running into the alley.  She stands up  She knows Zero.  He lives a few doors down from her.  He watered her plants while she was out of town last summer. She had been trying to get him to join her karate place? (I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t know if that makes sense or not).  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She sees the guy chasing Zero.  She jumps up to help or distract the guy or something.  She sees Zero slip, fall, and completely disappear right before her eyes.  The guys chasing him just runs right up the alley not seeing where Zero went.   She gets up and runs out of the coffee house and out into the alley.  She is looking all around There is no one in the alley.  Suddenly,}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li4306\fi-648\ri-6365\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Characters }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Monks Group of space travelling monks who are trying to bring the full universe to a state of complete enlightenment.  They are perceived as mysterious as their frame is difficult to comprehend from the perspective of the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91normies\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Criminal Group A group of criminals who have either mastered the ability to jump a limited amount of frames, or have a device that allows them to do so.  Their motivation is one of simple greed, and they often pull off inter-frame heists  This can be tricky though as the expected outcome is not always predictable because of the nature of some of the frames that they use. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Art Dealers A group of art dealers who buy, sell, and fence stolen artworks.  They are shifty in that they are trying to manipulate the art market and the prices of certain works for their own gain.  They are occasionally robbed by the previous group, but have set up some elaborate defences.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Security Consultants (or arm of the art dealer cartel) that is analogous to digital security combating hackers.  Their perspective is always trying to combat and stay one step ahead of the art thieves.  The art thieves will occasionally try to get these guys to act as double agents. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hackers: Many individual Hackers are trying to test the boundaries of frame travel. Invent new ways of jumping frames, discover new kinds of frames that were previously hidden, discovering ways to detect stickers that were placed by someone else, and equally important, detect where they go.   Their motivation is simply one of exploration, and discovery, though they are not above selling their latest discovery if it means money, new tech, etc\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85  They are completely politically independent, oftentimes loners.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Physicists:  As Quantum physics changed the way that people understood how the universe operates scientists splintered into different groups  Some began working for large corporate interests.   The ability to jump frames is only in its infancy on a commercial level, but has a huge impact on corporate interests by reinventing shipping and delivery.  There is some heavy math that needs to take place to use frame jumping to accurately materialize.  It is very dangerous as something can materialize in the middle of something or someone else. Other Physicists are exploring Buddhist thought once it became clear that the monks are clearly leveraging quantum properties in their very advanced navigation of frames. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 SubPhysicists:  A group of people who aren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily scientists as they do not do any research into new ideas (although some might stumble upon new discoveries by accident).   These are the people who actually make the frame stickers.  They are usually much richer than actual physicists as they are typically selling to high bidders, the mob, etc\u8230\'85 There is a huge black market for sticker technology.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Terms}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Frame:  Derived from the expression \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91frame of reference\u8217\'92, a frame is basically a dimension.  Frames all coexist simultaneously, but follow possibly wildly different laws of physics, speed of how time progresses (including which direction that it flows in).  Based on the overlap of quantum physics and Buddhist thinking.  At the time of the story, understanding of frames, jumping frames, and how they behave, and what opportunities exist is only in its infancy. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Personal Frame Of Reference: A timeline seen from a certain perspective.  For example, a person named Fred wakes up one morning, travels back in time,5 years, gets a bite to eat at that restaurant that had really great empanadas before going out of business shortly thereafter, then returns to the previous time frame. Fred experiences his timeline, as a linear progression.  However, his girlfriend Eloise who did not join him, has a different Personal Frame of Reference, because from her perspective, Fred was only gone for a few minutes, but upon returning was a few hours older. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Frame Laws: Does there need to be some kind of governance in place for the authorities to police how people use frames?  For example, maybe it is illegal to use frame jumping in certain circumstances?  Explore this more}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Stickers:  Sticker is a catch all terms that means anything that can be used as a fixed portal between frames.  Oftentimes, they often embedded in actual stickers that are placed in certain places that allow someone to jump between two frames.  They can be embedded in a work of art, in a postal sticker that has been tagged to look like normal graffiti or vandalism.  They are usually hidden in plain sight.  As of yet, only a very few people possess the ability to detect Stickers that have placed by someone else. (Who makes stickers? Is it hackers, or physicists, or monks?)  It probably should be physicists}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Stickernet: Maybe some groups can create a network of stickers that has a central map of all the different \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91stops\u8217\'92 that are on the network (like a subway).  This would need to be more of a large organization (government, the mob, corporations, etc).  These would more likely be password protected, although some hackers might have been able to hack the PWs and steal access.  However, some of the stops might be guarded if the pop out at the wrong place.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Term for modifying your own timeline:  There should be a concept of someone who modifies their own timeline.  It is likely to have unexpected consequences when it is all said and done.  In fact, maybe there are people who are somehow \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91marked\u8217\'92 that have done this.  Everyone else can tell as there is some kind of tell. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Plot Ideas}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Heist: There is a heist to steal some art using stickers as a way to transport and sneak in/out of high security area that the art is contained in.   The story is told alternately from the perspective of one of the bad guys, and from the security consultants trying to protect the piece.  Maybe a peripheral character who is in more of a law enforcement role could be a tie in to a different story.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Could begin as the ringleader(s) are assembling their team, trying to recruit different types of roles they think they will need. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Independent Art Historian: Someone to choose the target, authenticate the art}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Money Guy: A financer to help fund the project.  He might have ties to the mob or expect some kind of extra or unusual compensation upon repayment}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 SubPhysicist: Kind of the modern getaway guy.  Someone to create the proper stickers needed to transport the artwork, cover their trail, etc\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sneak: Someone who would be good at disguises to do a lot of the legwork like placing stickers, reconnaissance, meeting with people while in disguise to set up some things. He should have a side hustle where he is setting up extra security boxes at a bank (or whatever) in case he gets an opportunity to double cross the team and steal the artwork for himself.  }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Ringleader: Planner of the heist, }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Turncoat from the Art Dealer Guild: Someone on the inside who knows about the piece being stolen, how the Guild is protecting it, what their protection strategy is, etc\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85 This character might actually be in place within the art guild and not everyone knows his/her identity.  Everyone wonders who it might be.  This could be revealed at the end (or not) He needs a cool code name}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The first couple of chapters could be a day in the life of each of these characters as they are recruited onto the team. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Start with the physicists as this would lay a lot of the groundwork for the universe this takes place in and define some of the rules and boundaries. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Turncoat (careful not to mention his name or give away his identity)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Turncoat reaches out to the RIngleader}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sneak and Art Historian are brought on board}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0}