{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li4291\fi-14\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1 Chapter 2}
\par\pard\plain \li4320\fi-14\ri-7070\sl360\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Linus sat looking at the screen.  He had been sitting here like this for about 25 minutes since the call.  He was completely unable to concentrate.  He had received the call about 27 minutes ago.  The call was brief.  The man introduced himself as belonging to a classified branch of the United States military (TODO Fix this).  He said that he had been authorized to contact Linus by the highest levels of the United States Government and needed to meet to discuss a matter of great importance to the safety of the United States. The man said someone would be in touch shortly with the details of where to meet and disconnected.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Linus was pretty sure that the man was actually from the mob, and not from the government at all.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 It was just a lot of little things that didn't add up.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 First off, the man did not leave his name.  When Linus started to ask him about the details of the meeting, the man interrupted, saying "arrangements were being made\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94, and Linus would be contacted shortly.  Then he hung up.  In the background on the line, there was the faint sound of some kind of siren... maybe an ambulance or police car going by in the distance on the other end.  The thing that stood out was that the siren did not sound like an American siren at all.  Linus had never actually given much thought to the fact that sirens sounded different in different countries until he heard it.  It was pretty obvious that it wasn't the kind of siren they use here.  Maybe it was his imagination though.  It just seemed weird.  Especially since the caller ID showed a local number.  It sure didn't SOUND local.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Secondly, his colleague Manish had received the same odd call two days ago.  Manish had gone out to meet the guy for coffee, never returned, and has been missing ever since.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Manish had told Linus about it over coffee that morning right before leaving for the meeting.  Manish had  actually been a little freaked out about it.  He had family from India in the process of securing US green cards.  As a recently naturalized citizen, Manish didn't want to question a government request.  He certainly didn't want to unintentionally jeopardize his cousins' green cards.  He was happy to cooperate.  Something seemed off though...  Still... he was just going to meet someone over coffee.  How long would it take?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 It had been three days since anyone had heard from Manish.  The local authorities had been contacted and missing persons reports were filed. Linus had been interviewed by the police, along with several of his coworkers at Fermilab (TODO Rename me), the particle physics/particle accelerator laboratory.  When Linus had mentioned Manish's meeting and phone call to the local authorities, they said they would check up on a possible government connection, but Linus and his coworkers had heard nothing.  No updates.  Nothing.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Why would the government need to meet with a theoretical physicist on a matter of national security?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 The real reason that he suspected the mob was because of some rumors that he had heard months earlier.  There were suspicious circumstances surrounding the disappearance of some of his European colleagues at CERN.  Details were vague.  Understandably so.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 CERN is the home of the famous particle collider that makes headlines every so often discovering new atomic new particle in the Large Hadron Collider.  CERN was home to some of the greatest minds in modern theoretical physics. Despite the public facing side of CERN, much of the research was kept under wraps.  There were certain security protocols in place, to make sure that emerging technology and scientific findings would not fall into the wrong hands.  No foul play had ever been confirmed, but there was a bunch of water cooler talk about it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24  The global theoretical physics community, was actually a lot smaller than you might imagine.  Scientific findings need to be validated by other teams, international conferences were held where the world's leading minds would congregate to discuss research, discuss ethical implications of the newest findings, and (TODO some other reason here).   Talking shop over drinks during these conferences was not uncommon.  While Linus did not know every theoretical physicist in the world, he knew and was known by many.  Many friendships had developed crossing national and political boundaries.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24  Not surprisingly, gossip, rumors often cross these same boundaries.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Shit\u8221\'94, he thought.  \u8220\'93I am just getting paranoid\u8221\'94.  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 The area that he and Manish worked on was so esoteric, there was not really any way that it would be of interest to either the government, the mob, or anyone else who wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t a science fiction writer. They studied the mathematical models behind  Einstein\endash Rosen bridges.   }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain {\f2\fs24 Einstein\endash Rosen bridges are These are theoretical connections between two points in time and space.  While accounted for in Einstein's theory of General Relativity, there was a lot of unknowns regarding how they might behave, and no actual proof that they existed.  An interesting (if highly theoretical) field of research.    }
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\plain \f2\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24}